magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Api2.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api2.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Api.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Api.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Authorizenet.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Backup.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Backup.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Bundle.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Bundle.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Captcha.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Captcha.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Catalog.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Catalog.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Centinel.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Centinel.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Checkout.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Checkout.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Cms.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cms.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Compiler.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Compiler.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Connect.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Connect.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Contacts.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Contacts.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Core.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Core.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Cron.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Cron.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Customer.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Customer.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Dataflow.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Dataflow.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Directory.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Directory.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Downloadable.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Downloadable.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Eav.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Eav.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_ImportExport.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ImportExport.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Index.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Index.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Install.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Install.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Log.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Log.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Media.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Media.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Newsletter.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Newsletter.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Oauth.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Oauth.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_PageCache.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PageCache.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Page.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Page.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Paybox.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paybox.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Paygate.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paygate.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Payment.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Payment.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Paypal.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Paypal.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Persistent.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Persistent.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Poll.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Poll.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Rating.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rating.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Reports.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Reports.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Review.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Review.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Rss.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rss.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Rule.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Rule.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Sales.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sales.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_SalesRule.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_SalesRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Shipping.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Shipping.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Sitemap.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Sitemap.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Tag.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tag.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Tax.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Tax.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Usa.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Usa.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Weee.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Weee.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Widget.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Widget.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_Wishlist.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_Wishlist.csv
magento-ce-1x/de_DE/Mage_XmlConnect.csv app/locale/de_DE/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Api2.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Api2.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Api.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Api.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Authorizenet.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Backup.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Backup.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Bundle.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Bundle.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Captcha.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Captcha.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Catalog.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Catalog.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Centinel.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Centinel.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Checkout.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Checkout.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Cms.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cms.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Compiler.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Compiler.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Connect.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Connect.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Contacts.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Contacts.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Core.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Core.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Cron.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Cron.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Customer.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Customer.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Dataflow.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Dataflow.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Directory.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Directory.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Downloadable.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Downloadable.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Eav.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Eav.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_ImportExport.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_ImportExport.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Index.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Index.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Install.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Install.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Log.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Log.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Media.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Media.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Newsletter.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Newsletter.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Oauth.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Oauth.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_PageCache.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_PageCache.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Page.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Page.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Paybox.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paybox.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Paygate.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paygate.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Payment.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Payment.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Paypal.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Paypal.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Persistent.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Persistent.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Poll.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Poll.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Rating.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rating.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Reports.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Reports.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Review.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Review.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Rss.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rss.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Rule.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Rule.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Sales.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sales.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_SalesRule.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_SalesRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Shipping.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Shipping.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Sitemap.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Sitemap.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Tag.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tag.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Tax.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Tax.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Usa.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Usa.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Weee.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Weee.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Widget.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Widget.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_Wishlist.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_Wishlist.csv
magento-ce-1x/fr_FR/Mage_XmlConnect.csv app/locale/fr_FR/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Api2.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Api2.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Api.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Api.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Authorizenet.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Backup.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Backup.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Bundle.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Bundle.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Captcha.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Captcha.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Catalog.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Catalog.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Centinel.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Centinel.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Checkout.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Checkout.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Cms.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cms.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Compiler.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Compiler.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Connect.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Connect.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Contacts.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Contacts.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Core.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Core.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Cron.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Cron.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Customer.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Customer.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Dataflow.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Dataflow.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Directory.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Directory.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Downloadable.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Downloadable.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Eav.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Eav.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_ImportExport.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_ImportExport.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Index.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Index.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Install.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Install.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Log.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Log.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Media.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Media.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Newsletter.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Newsletter.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Oauth.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Oauth.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_PageCache.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_PageCache.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Page.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Page.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Paybox.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paybox.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Paygate.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paygate.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Payment.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Payment.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Paypal.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Paypal.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Persistent.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Persistent.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Poll.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Poll.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Rating.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rating.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Reports.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Reports.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Review.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Review.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Rss.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rss.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Rule.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Rule.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Sales.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sales.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_SalesRule.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_SalesRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Shipping.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Shipping.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Sitemap.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Sitemap.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Tag.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tag.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Tax.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Tax.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Usa.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Usa.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Weee.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Weee.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Widget.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Widget.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_Wishlist.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_Wishlist.csv
magento-ce-1x/nl_NL/Mage_XmlConnect.csv app/locale/nl_NL/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Adminhtml.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Adminhtml.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_AdminNotification.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_AdminNotification.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Api2.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Api2.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Api.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Api.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Authorizenet.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Authorizenet.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Backup.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Backup.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Bundle.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Bundle.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Captcha.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Captcha.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Catalog.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Catalog.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_CatalogInventory.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_CatalogRule.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_CatalogRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_CatalogSearch.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Centinel.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Centinel.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Checkout.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Checkout.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Cms.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Cms.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Compiler.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Compiler.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Connect.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Connect.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Contacts.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Contacts.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Core.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Core.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Cron.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Cron.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_CurrencySymbol.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Customer.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Customer.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Dataflow.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Dataflow.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Directory.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Directory.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Downloadable.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Downloadable.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Eav.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Eav.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_GiftMessage.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_GiftMessage.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_GoogleAnalytics.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_GoogleBase.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_GoogleBase.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_GoogleCheckout.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_GoogleOptimizer.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_ImportExport.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_ImportExport.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Index.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Index.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Install.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Install.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Log.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Log.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Media.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Media.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Newsletter.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Newsletter.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Oauth.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Oauth.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_PageCache.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_PageCache.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Page.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Page.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Paybox.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Paybox.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Paygate.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Paygate.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Payment.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Payment.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Paypal.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Paypal.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_PaypalUk.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_PaypalUk.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Persistent.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Persistent.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Poll.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Poll.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_ProductAlert.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_ProductAlert.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Rating.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Rating.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Reports.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Reports.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Review.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Review.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Rss.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Rss.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Rule.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Rule.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Sales.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Sales.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_SalesRule.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_SalesRule.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Sendfriend.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Sendfriend.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Shipping.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Shipping.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Sitemap.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Sitemap.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Tag.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Tag.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Tax.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Tax.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Usa.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Usa.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Weee.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Weee.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Widget.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Widget.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_Wishlist.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_Wishlist.csv
magento-ce-1x/es_ES/Mage_XmlConnect.csv app/locale/es_ES/Mage_XmlConnect.csv
